GetAccountAssets: pagination docs (#3)
soramitsu/iroha: docs/source/api/queries.rst

    :widths: 15, 30, 20, 15

    "Account ID", "account id to request balance from", "<account_name>@<domain_id>", "makoto@soramitsu"

>     AccountAssetPaginationMeta.page_size, requested page size, 0 < page_size < 4294967296, 100

Reviewer: Maybe add a more detailed descriptions, as it is done for `GetAccountAssetTransactions` or `GetAccountTransactions`? Same for `first_asset_id`.

>     AccountAssetPaginationMeta.first_asset_id, requested page start, name#domain, my_asset#my_domain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    AccountAssetPaginationMeta.first_asset_id, Asset id of the first asset in the page. If the field is not set, then the first page is returned, name#domain, my_asset#my_domain
```

    "Asset ID", "identifier of asset used for checking the balance", "<asset_name>#<domain_id>", "jpy#japan"
    "Account ID", "account which has this balance", "<account_name>@<domain_id>", "makoto@soramitsu"
    "Balance", "balance of the asset", "No less than 0", "200.20"
    total_number, number of assets matching query without page limits, 0 < total_number < 4294967296, 100500
    next_asset_id, the id of asset immediately following curent page, name#domain, my_asset#my_domain

> .. note:: If page size is equal or greater than the number of assets matching other requested criteria, the next asset id will be unset in the response. Otherwie it contains the value that clients should use for the first asset id if they want to fetch the next page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: If page size is equal or greater than the number of assets matching other requested criteria, the next asset id will be unset in the response. Otherwise it contains the value that clients should use for the first asset id if they want to fetch the next page.
```

    "Asset ID", "identifier of asset used for checking the balance", "<asset_name>#<domain_id>", "jpy#japan"
    "Account ID", "account which has this balance", "<account_name>@<domain_id>", "makoto@soramitsu"
    "Balance", "balance of the asset", "No less than 0", "200.20"
    total_number, number of assets matching query without page limits, 0 < total_number < 4294967296, 100500

>     next_asset_id, the id of asset immediately following curent page, name#domain, my_asset#my_domain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    next_asset_id, the id of asset immediately following curent page. Empty if a page contains the last asset id for the given account, name#domain, my_asset#my_domain
```

    "1", "Could not get account assets", "Internal error happened", "Try again or contact developers"
    "2", "No such permissions", "Query's creator does not have any of the permissions to get account assets", "Grant the necessary permission: individual, global or domain one"
    "3", "Invalid signatures", "Signatures of this query did not pass validation", "Add more signatures and make sure query's signatures are a subset of account's signatories"

>     "4", "Invalid pagination metadata", "Wrong page size or nonexistent first asset", "Set a valid page size and leave first asset id unspecified"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "4", "Invalid pagination metadata", "Wrong page size or nonexistent first asset", "Set a valid page size, make sure that asset id is valid or leave first asset id unspecified"
```
